Update subsite verbiage (#3269)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/publishing-sites-classic-to-modern-experience.md

- **Reset to Site Definition** – The reset to site definition feature is not supported on a modern communication site. 
- **Classic Record Center** – The Record Center feature is not supported on a modern communication site. Instead, use the modern records management capabilities. For more info, see [Records Management in Microsoft 365](/microsoft-365/compliance/records-management) and [Learn about Records](/microsoft-365/compliance/records). 
- **SharePoint 2010 and 2013 Workflows** – SharePoint 2010 and 2013 Workflows are not supported with modern communication sites. Instead, use Microsoft Power Automate. For more info, see Microsoft [Power Automate](https://flow.microsoft.com/) and [SharePoint 2010 workflow retirement](https://support.microsoft.com/office/sharepoint-2010-workflow-retirement-1ca3fff8-9985-410a-85aa-8120f626965f). 

> - **Subsites** – The Subsite feature is not supported on a modern communication site but is for a team site. Creation of subsites is available but not recommended. Consider using the modern hub site feature instead. For more info, see [What is a SharePoint hub site?](https://support.microsoft.com/office/what-is-a-sharepoint-hub-site-fe26ae84-14b7-45b6-a6d1-948b3966427f?ui=en-us&rs=en-us&ad=us)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subsites** – The subsite feature is not supported on modern communication sites but is supported on Teams sites. Creation of subsites is available but not recommended. Consider using the modern hub site feature instead. For more info, see [What is a SharePoint hub site?](https://support.microsoft.com/office/what-is-a-sharepoint-hub-site-fe26ae84-14b7-45b6-a6d1-948b3966427f?ui=en-us&rs=en-us&ad=us).
```
